# Nov 18, 2025

### Today's Mission:
*Catch up on being behind and make meaningful progress on at least 1 key project.*

---

| Rank | Task                                                        |  P  |  A  |
| :--: | ----------------------------------------------------------- | :-: | :-: |
|  1   | Finish Kinetic Development so it's usable in GPT & Obsidian |     |     |
|  2   | Update Gregg on 3 deals in Hubspot                          |     |     |
|  3   |                                                             |     |     |
|  4   |                                                             |     |     |
|  5   |                                                             |     |     |
|  6   |                                                             |     |     |
|  7   |                                                             |     |     |
|      |                                                             |     |     |
|      |                                                             |     |     |


---

## Capture


## Notes
- I woke up at 6:30 am and my alarm had NOT gone off! I think it's because I had overridden the volume controls the alarm app had put on Audible and reopened Audible in the background.
	- I got @Miles up at 6:50am and he had all sorts of trouble getting up
		- we fought for a while, but luckily, we got out at about 7:30 from the house
		- This dude is a sensitive little guy and hugs when he's feeling stressed go a long way
- Call with @NickCook
	- Elkay Contract
		- Nick's strategy: use the old contract language--which had a max 6 months commitment with other fluffy language
		- He'll email the Elkay guys and @JimDerry today
	- Honeywell Tariff Surcharges
		- Nick told Josh at Honeywell that we won't bill any sites for the surcharge where their invoices were <$100 that month.
- Brief Call with @Kyle (I initiated it)
	- Re: his PA. Feedback forms to these people:
		- Jarod
		- Tyler P.
		- Joel
		- Mark Freeman
		- Charles Horgarg (UTLX VMI Rep)
		- Eli Cortes
		- Steven (engineer)
		- Jim
		- Gregg
	- **Kyle & Jarod are now splitting commissions**
		- Jarod is taking 1.5 % of Kyle's bigger accounts
		- Any new rail & rail repair accounts that come, Kyle & Jarod will split
		- Kyle feels okay about it.
	- He's going to meet with Gregg Cox about his compensation. (sometime next week)
		- I warned him about Gregg's perception
- Call with @Karla on Boltwise
	- on #P4 Boltwise project, she requested logins for all the LP guys from Cole. Should have them shortly.
	- she said she didn't see a future for Boltwise initially, but leadership said we're gonna do it.
	- 